personal_code_counts.md, before:

# Code Counts 

## Code counts for the various assignments.
The line with the * means that's the code count that I contributed to the assignment and doesn't count libraries or code I already had on-hand for use in the project. It only counts new code.


## 2018 Assignments(I didn't use any distro code for these. It's just the code counts minus the minified libraries.

### Sampler
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HTML                             4              5              0            213
Sass                             1              2              0             53
CSS                              2              4              6             42
Markdown                         1              5              0             28
JavaScript                       1              0              6              1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                             9             16             12            337
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

### Books
Actual counts is much less aka minus SQL(as that's generated data thus the official count without a * shows the proper counts where I subtracted prexisting code and libraries I utilized. 
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SQL                              3              9              0           5053
HTML                             9             34              0            658
Python                           7             77             87            360
Markdown                         1             14              0             50
JavaScript                       2              7             11             21
CSS                              1              0              6              1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            23            141            104           6143
*SUM:                           20            132            104           1090 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

### Flack
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JavaScript                       4             55            115            533
Python                           1             46             72            274
HTML                             3             14              0            198
Markdown                         1              5              0             46
CSS                              2              0              6             13
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            11            120            193           1064
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## 2020

### Mail
This assignment was a basic email program.
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Python                          11             96             69            266
JavaScript                       1             21              8            174
HTML                             4             20              0            125
CSS                              1              1              0              6
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            17            138             77            571
*SUM:                           17            16              -2            376
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## Network
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HTML                             8             23              0            284
Python                          11             96             59            264
JavaScript                       1              5              3             94
CSS                              2              8             39             20
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            22            132            101            662
*SUM:                            7             43             2556          411
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```


## Wiki
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Python                          12             74             64            224
HTML                             7             18              0            118
CSS                              1              3              6             51
Markdown                         7             10              0             24
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            27            105             70            417
*SUM:                            7             13              6            191
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## Capstone Project
CTF Club which is a WIP.
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Python                          20            296            362           1102
Markdown                         2            115              0            592
HTML                             7             30              0            531
JavaScript                       6             20             56            207
CSS                              2              1              6             12
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            37            462            424           2444
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

Commit message:

99 bugs in my code. Take one out, patch around it. 101 bugs in my code.

personal_code_counts.md, after:

# Code Counts 

## Code counts for the various assignments.
The line with the * means that's the code count that I contributed to the assignment and doesn't count libraries or code I already had on-hand for use in the project. It only counts new code.


## 2018 Assignments(I didn't use any distro code for these. It's just the code counts minus the minified libraries.

### Sampler
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HTML                             4              5              0            213
Sass                             1              2              0             53
CSS                              2              4              6             42
Markdown                         1              5              0             28
JavaScript                       1              0              6              1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                             9             16             12            337
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

### Books
Actual counts is much less aka minus SQL(as that's generated data thus the official count without a * shows the proper counts where I subtracted prexisting code and libraries I utilized. 
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SQL                              3              9              0           5053
HTML                             9             34              0            658
Python                           7             77             87            360
Markdown                         1             14              0             50
JavaScript                       2              7             11             21
CSS                              1              0              6              1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            23            141            104           6143
*SUM:                           20            132            104           1090 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

### Flack
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JavaScript                       4             55            115            533
Python                           1             46             72            274
HTML                             3             14              0            198
Markdown                         1              5              0             46
CSS                              2              0              6             13
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            11            120            193           1064
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## 2020

### Mail
This assignment was a basic email program.
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Python                          11             96             69            266
JavaScript                       1             21              8            174
HTML                             4             20              0            125
CSS                              1              1              0              6
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            17            138             77            571
*SUM:                           17            16              -2            376
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## Network
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HTML                             8             23              0            284
Python                          11             96             59            264
JavaScript                       1              5              3             94
CSS                              2              8             39             20
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            22            132            101            662
*SUM:                            7             43             2556          411
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```


## Wiki
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Python                          12             74             64            224
HTML                             7             18              0            118
CSS                              1              3              6             51
Markdown                         7             10              0             24
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            27            105             70            417
*SUM:                            7             13              6            191
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```

## Capstone Project
CTF Club which is a WIP. All code counts are sans the libraries I have included
for the JS and the CSS counts. Python is pretty much exact.
```
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Language                     files          blank        comment           code
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Python                          20            341            395           1293
HTML                            10             59              0            959
Markdown                         2            113              0            591
JavaScript                       6             56             63            515
CSS                              4              2             36             32
JSON                             1              0              0              1
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SUM:                            43            571            494           3391
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
```
